# Required Software & Important links
## Introduction
Navigate through to find the software that you need for the program
## Main Project


## Technical Requirements:

Ensure your device and internet connection are reliable.
Familiarize yourself with the online platform and required software.



## Feedback:
Provide constructive feedback to the instructor to help improve the online learning experience. If you need help send the coach a message: raphael@rdgmh.onmicrosoft.com


# Useful Assets & Links 

## C# with freecode camp
https://www.freecodecamp.org/learn/foundational-c-sharp-with-microsoft

## Official MSlearn link to learn C#
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/training/paths/get-started-c-sharp-part-1/

## How we get our voucher (valid till November 2023)
https://digitalskillsnigeria.gov.ng/advanced/
- make sure you choose advanced skills and certification
- select AZ 104 as your preferred course, take the assessment, and make sure you score 60%

## Another way to get a voucher
- Register for the Cloud Skill Challenge from any major Microsoft event

##  Learn Markdown Language
https://www.markdownguide.org/cheat-sheet/
  
## Start learning about Linux Commands to prepare you for Linux Class
https://linuxcommandlibrary.com/

##  Tools you might find handy and useful

## Download VMWare workstation Pro
https://www.vmware.com/products/workstation-pro/workstation-pro-evaluation.html

## VMware Workstation Pro Key 
https://gist.github.com/PurpleVibe32/30a802c3c8ec902e1487024cdea26251

## Ubuntu Desktop image for your VMWare Workstation Pro
https://ubuntu.com/download/desktop

## Ubuntu MultiPass
https://multipass.run/install

## Azure DevOps Labs
https://microsoftlearning.github.io/AZ400-DesigningandImplementingMicrosoftDevOpsSolutions/

## How to Install and Configure Jenkins on Windows 11
https://techdirectarchive.com/2023/01/31/how-to-install-and-configure-jenkins-on-windows-11/

## Install Ubuntu 20.04 LTS on Windows via WSL
https://techdirectarchive.com/2023/01/18/how-to-install-and-run-ubuntu-20-04-lts-on-windows-11-using-wsl/

## How to Install Kubectl on Windows 11
https://techdirectarchive.com/2022/03/29/how-to-install-kubectl-on-windows-11/

## How to Install Jenkins Automation Server on Ubuntu 20.04 LTS
https://techdirectarchive.com/2022/03/13/how-to-install-jenkins-automation-server-on-ubuntu-20-04-lts/

## Install Terraform on Windows with Bash
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/developer/terraform/get-started-windows-bash?tabs=bash

## How to Install Azure CLI on Windows
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-windows?tabs=azure-cli

## How to install Azure CLI on macOS
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli-macos

## How to install git bash on Windows
https://www.educative.io/answers/how-to-install-git-bash-in-windows

## How to install Docker Desktop on Windows
https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/windows-install/

## How to Install Docker Desktop on Mac
https://docs.docker.com/desktop/install/mac-install/

## How to Install .NET on Windows
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/windows?tabs=net70

## How to install.NET on Mac
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/macos

## How to install Kubectl on Mac
https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/install-kubectl-macos/

## How to Install Terraform on Windows, Linux, and macOS
https://phoenixnap.com/kb/how-to-install-terraform

## Download and install Visual Studio 
https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/downloads/

## Install Visual Studio Code 
https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/setup/windows

## Install Visual Studio
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/visualstudio/install/install-visual-studio?view=vs-2022


